---
title: "**JUST IN: SHOCKING \"PARE\" EPIDEMIC SWEEPS NATION!**"
date: 2026-05-19T03:57:47
persona_id: 1
persona_type: "Tabloid journalist"
search_volume: "50000"
---

**JUST IN: SHOCKING "PARE" EPIDEMIC SWEEPS NATION!**

**IS YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD INFECTED? READ THIS OR RISK DISASTER!**

**EXCLUSIVE FOOTAGE** has emerged of a terrifying new phenomenon sweeping through quiet suburbs and bustling cities alike. Experts are BAFFLED and AUTHORITIES are on HIGH ALERT as victims are spontaneously letting out a single, mysterious word: "PARE."

**"IT CAME OUT OF NOWHERE!"** screamed a terrified witness, who claims her accountant husband suddenly shouted it during a quiet dinner. "He just… he just PARE'd! Right into his soup!”

**INSIDERS REVEAL** this is not a random outburst! Whistleblowers claim this is a COVERT SIGNAL, a secret handshake of a shadowy global network! Some believe it’s a call to action, a password for a hidden society. Others say it’s the first stage of a MASS HYSTERIA.

**YOU WON'T BELIEVE what happened next!** An exclusive video, obtained under cover of darkness, shows a whole group of people on a street corner, all looking at a single tree, chorusing a blood-curdling: **"PAREEEEE!!!"**

**DON'T BE A VICTIM!** We’ve got the ROGUE LINGUIST who cracked the code. He tells us, "If you hear the word, DO NOT ENGAGE EYE CONTACT. Cover your mouth and RUN. This is just the beginning. The **PARE** is coming for you next!"

**IS YOUR FAMILY SAFE?** Click the link below to find out if YOU are at risk! This story is developing at a BREAKNECK pace!